{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 -------------\
-------------\
\
SUMMARY:\
\
Our goal is to tweet something and make an LED light up. The tweet is sent through a Foursquare share and the Arduino YUN finds that tweet to then make the LED light up. In order for this to work we will need a Twitter Application for creditionals to then use the Arduino Yun's partner, TEMBOO, the easy sketch developer taht works with thousands of APIs. Temboo will provide us the code to find tweets.\
\
The Temboo Choreo, or 'sketch' is set to print the tweets it has found in the Arduino serior monitor. We just need to manipulate the code a bit to light up an LED vs. printing. This is my first real code jailbreak attempt, so please feel free to correct behind me or modify. \
\
------------\
------------\
\
STEPS: \
(For each step I followed directions for the given site and provided tutorials. This is all beginner level stuff)\
\
TWITTER APPLICATION\
First you will need to create your own twitter application on dev.twitter.com in order to get authorization keys and access codes, etc. to use on Temboo for the API. Just follow the instructions provided by Twitter.\
\
-----\
TEMBOO\
Then following the directions provided on the site, set up a Temboo account and create your first Choreo for the Twitter API. Make sure your language is set to "Arduino Yun". \
\
-----\
ARDUINO SKETCH\
You will pretty much just be copying the Temboo Choreo into an Arduino Sketch doc. Also note you will need to create a separate sketch for the TembooAccount.h generated code and save it AS THAT NAME. This way the choreo will call your account information, which then calls your twitter account so that we can search the #hashtag you want to use from your tweets.\
\
-----\
CODE SETUP:\
\
The code is stripped of all my personal information, so make sure you fill in the appropriate items. (NOTE: the Temboo info is in the TembooAccount.h doc we covered earlier):\
\
-Your Twitter "username"\
-"#hashtag": this is the hashtag it will search for on twitter through your foursquare tweet\
\
-----\
CODE MANIPULATION\
\
Filtered through out the code you will see the simple code for the "Light an LED" example provided on Arduino.com. The main part to really note, is I changed some of the Choreo code near the bottom, so that 'while a tweet is available the serial monitor will print AND an LED will light up'.\
}